# SecrecyVersusEfficiency
A big thanks to Dr. David Rydeheard and Prof. Martin Everett who both supervised and guided me during the development period.

This is my third year project about Social Network Analysis developed mainly by Java 8 and GraphStream API v1.3. 

This experiment tool have three main functions - measuring secrecy and efficiency of a network and using optimisation techniques to generate a covert network by modifying an initial graph.

Efficiency is measured by assign a message to a node. Let the node pass message to its neighbours, then neighbours pass message to their neighbours, until all nodes received that message. We count the steps it requires. Lower steps stands for a higher efficiency.

Secrecy is measured by arresting nodes in a graph in every attack based on the arresting probability which is assigned by the distance to the closest key player. We count the steps it takes to destroy the network to a certain isolated size. Higher steps stands for a higher secrecy.

Covert network is generated by moving edges of an initial network to any other positions then calculate the new secrecy and efficiency. If the combination of the two becomes better, we record the movement. It will repeat the mechanism until all possibility has been tried.

You can also use covert network generator to optimise an exist network.

The stored graphs and (or) networks can be find under the folder ~/svse_tutorial/Result/

If you have any problems about the experiment tool, or if you want to communicate with me, please send email to: yangboyin2014@gmail.com

